== An example polling application to capture UK voter intention

This Rails 3.2 application asks a UK voter their constituency and asks them their voting intention.

The application then displays results for any chosen constituency, and for the nation as a whole.


== Dependencies

* Ruby 1.9. This has been tested using Ruby 1.9.2-p290. There's a .rvmrc file in the root.
* MongoDB running on localhost (or edit config/mongoid.yml).


== Getting started

Clone the app:

   git clone git://github.com/andyt/straw-poll.git

Install gems:

   bundle install

Edit config/mongoid.yml if necessary, and seed the database:

   rake db:seed

Run the server:

   rails s

Connect to localhost in a browser.

   http://localhost:3000

If you'd like to poke around the seed data, RailsAdmin is mounted on /admin (user admin@example.com, password 'password'):

   http://localhost:3000/admin


== Running the tests

Test coverage is limited to basic association tests on the models.

   rspec spec/models/*.rb


== Technical notes

The application skeleton was created using the template specified below:

    $ rails new mysociety -m https://github.com/RailsApps/rails3-application-templates/raw/master/rails3-mongoid-devise-template.rb -T -O

and answering questions as required.


== Limitations

* There is no mechanism to determine repeat voting, as I considered this out-of-scope. Any solution (whether via cookies, or registration) could be easily circumvented by someone determined to bias results.

